and one more thing before Christmas we
did something fun with the children of
America I asked any parents watching the
show to wrap a terrible Christmas gift
give it their kids and then tape their
reaction when they open together we got
a lot of great videos we put them
together and it became a huge hit online
videos been viewed more than 15 million
times on YouTube alone and the crazy
thing is even though we're finished with
this before we left for a break on
December 15th people continued to do
this to their children and post it
online hundreds more videos were posted
online after we left so once again we
went through them and picked the best of
the worst kids and here now is the
aftermath of our YouTube challenge it's
called hey Jimmy Kimmel I gave my kid a
terrible present part two here's a one
present you get to open for Christmas
Merry Christmas do you read let's do it
keeps our armpits smelling good she's
gonna get here are you happy do you like
your Christmas present what is it why'd
you throw it on the floor top bar
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
hopefully they got it right it's
supposed to be Hester yeah I know you
how much you like soup Bunch
a car yeah maybe on Christmas Day Santa
will bring you a car
[Music]
what is it really season 8 yeah don't
you like to hold it open so I could see
it hold it up 3ds mr. Potato Head that's
what you wanted for Christmas
[Music]
[Applause]
they by Jimmy Kimmel well thanks
everyone stop